Before we dive into that, quickly going through some alternatives.
I think probably the most popular alternative in the Node world is MongoDB,
which is really great.
It natively speaks JSON, it's pretty fast,
and there's no migrations because it's,
obviously it's a NoSQL database and can sort of store document objects whose
content can change without necessitating a database migration.
Also Mongoose, as I mentioned, the ODM on top of MongoDB,
is probably much better than any similar tool in Node.
js right now.
There's a lot more resources out there on how to use it.
So, there is definitely that advantage.
Using an ORM like Sequelize is definitely a choice that you would make if using
a relational database is important to you for some reason,
as it is for us, and if you like the features that Postgres offers, which are many and great.